~~~~~~~

It was morning and time for breakfast, but there was still a bit of
time before a crowd of people would come to the entrance to the church
and enter through the double doors...

The people in front were in groups of two-hundred or more; they wore
bright, colorful clothes and were laughing and talking and making
merry noises. One by one they each held up a golden box for the pastor
to place on the altar, then they took their seats and the service
began.

The people on the altar and the people seated before them were dressed
much the same as the visitors and looked to be wearing the same
colors. The minister spoke with the people in the back of the church,
and the people in the front took turns speaking with the pastor.

"What's the occasion?" asked a young girl by the front.

"We have a New Year's celebration, and this year we have a special
candidate for our preacher--yes, that's right--a young girl who has
worked hard all year, and yet has no knowledge of God and not a single
bit of morality. She may not be a candidate in your society, but she
still looks and acts like one. She has no education. She's barely
taught herself to read. She will soon be married; she has already
brought a dowry of a thousand dollars to the altar. The bridegroom is
unimpressed--or he is only pretending.

"The bride is an ordinary girl from a good family. She has received
some schooling, but her main knowledge of life has been gained from
books--from the Scriptures and from a book so hard that it hardly
makes any sense and is only a copy of a copy of another book. She will
learn something from this preacher, though she won't be told just what
she must learn. She'll be learning, not at one time like she reads, but
with a lifetime like hers. She